THE POSSESSION OF HANNAH GRACE (2018)
Today I will show you a
horror mystery film from 2018,
titled The Possession of Hannah Grace.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
Inside an abandoned church, a girl is restrained
on a bed. There are 3 men with her there, two are
priests, one is her father. The older priest is
performing an exorcism on the girl - Hannah. He
comes closer to see if she's still breathing and
she awakens, the demon controlling her body. The
other priest sprays her with holy water, as the
older one continues with the exorcism. The girls
convulses and her father comes closer begging her
to fight. The demon pretends it's the girl for a
moment, changing its eyes to her eye color, but
laughs as it tricks the father. It takes control
of the older priest as well and flings him across
the room, killing him. Then, it starts suffocating
the younger priest. Seeing what's happening,
the father takes a pillow and kills the girl,
which releases the other priest from the
hold of the demon. The girls fingers move.
3 months later, Megan walks into a hospital for a
job interview and is immediately joined by Lisa.
They can be seen drinking coffee, as Lisa
tells Megan that she will be there to help.
Next, Megan is walking to the facility with
Doctor Lewis, who's explaining her new job to her.
He asks her about her issues at her previous job
as a cop, but she says she's much better now,
saying she can handle the job. They enter
an elevator and the doctor says that after
a while people get creeped out by the job, their
imaginations running wild. She doesn't think that
will happen to her. As they're going deeper
inside the basement area, he tells her that
the night shift can only get in and out of
the facility by swiping their security card.
He keeps showing her around the facility and takes
her to the intake bay, telling her that while on
duty she can never leave the premises. After
the intake bay she is to take the bodies to the
receiving room, where she is to take pictures
of them as well as scan their finger prints.
They finally enter the facility's
freezers and he welcomes her to the team.
The next night, Megan walks into the dark hospital
and talks to security in the reception area.
One of the guards introduces himself as
Dave and welcomes her to the night shift.
Megan goes down to the resting home.
Later, she's seen working on the computer,
when the lights go out. She turns them back
on, when a body arrives at the intake bay.
Her and an ambulance worker transfer the
body to the receiving area, as they talk.
Next, she's capturing images of the body, then
scanning its fingerprints. She puts the body
in the freezer, but Dave jumps out and scares
her. He follows her around, apologizing. Later,
Megan continues with her work, goes to the
restroom and when she comes back, she has a
vision of a man standing in the hallway. Upset,
she goes to take some pills, but stops herself.
Next, she's seen in a AA meeting, sitting
next to Lisa, telling the group about the
man she saw previously. He was someone she was
about to arrest when she was a police officer,
but he shot her partner before she did anything.
She shares that when she remembers the incident,
she wants alcohol and pills. That day, someone
wakes her up knocking on her door. It's her cop
ex-boyfriend Andrew, who's there to get the rest
of his things. She tells him about her new job,
but he doesn't think it's the best idea to be
spending that much time alone. Megan tells him
that it was Lisa's idea, who's her sponsor,
and that the night shift worked great for her.
The next night, she's at work and the alarm for
the intake bay comes on. Megan goes to check but
there's no one there at first. Suddenly a homeless
guy jumps out at her asking her to let him in.
She doesn't do it and calls security to inform
them about the man, when an actual body is ready
at the intake bay. The ambulance driver, Randy,
asks her to come out and help him with the body,
because he can't move it alone. She reluctantly
steps out, knowing that's against regulations.
As they're moving the body, the homeless man walks
inside the facility and takes the elevator, but
Megan doesn't see him. Randy is much chattier than
the previous driver and starts telling her about
the body, as they're transferring it. The body
was found in an ally and the perpetrator escaped,
with no clue of who he is. The body is
Hannah. Randy keeps talking about it,
saying whoever killed her, also tried
to burn her body. Megan escorts him out.
The lights on the other end of the hallway come
on, as she walks inside to process the body.
The first image she tries to capture
fails. She tries again with no result.
Megan moves the camera and tries to take
another photo when she hurts herself.
She decides to move on to the fingerprints.
She takes them and starts scanning them in,
when the computer fails too. Not sure of what to
do, Megan places Hannah's body in the freezer,
but as she's pushing it inside, one of the
tables starts shaking and a few vials fall down,
shattering. She goes to pick them up and
cuts her hand. Returning to the push the
body fully inside the freezer, a drop of her
blood falls on it. Still in the freezer room,
she dresses her wound and suddenly the freezer
door opens. She checks and closes it. Next, she
goes to her computer and uses Andrew's password
to check on Hannah's case. She prints out her
file and goes to check on the body again. The eye
color in the file isn't the same one as the body.
All of a sudden one fly appears on the body and
then a whole swarm of them, frightening Megan.
She takes another look, but the flies aren't there
anymore. Megan puts Hannah back inside and returns
to her computer. Suddenly, she hears a noise and
she goes to investigate, only to find out that the
body is gone. She takes a step outside and sees
someone dragging the body away, so she follows.
Suddenly, the homeless man attacks her, but
she fights him off and when she goes to grab
his knife, he's gone. Leaving the body in
the hallway, she calls security and tells
them to call the police. Megan runs back
to the hallway, but the body isn't there.
She walks into the burning room and finds
the man getting ready to burn the body,
so she tries reasoning with him. Suddenly security
runs in and tackles him, but as they're taking him
away, it's clear that it's Hannah's father. He
tells Megan to destroy the body, saying that
she's not dead. Later, he's arrested and Megan is
putting away the body, when she hears something
strange. She closes the freezer, regardless and
walks away, but the doors open again. Megan is
nervous to walk back, though she still takes the
body out and opens the bag. Suddenly, her phone
rings. It's Andrew checking up on her, but as she
turns the body moves. Megan takes a closer look at
it and it exhales. She wraps it up in a panic and
leaves the room, when Lisa shows up at the door.
She tells her that she can find someone to cover
her shift, but Megan insists to stay. She tells
Lisa that she heard the body exhale, but she tells
her that bodies expunging air is a normal thing.
Later, they're sitting in her office, talking
about the attack and the night her partner got
shot, when Dave walks in and tells her there's a
cop that wants to talk to her. Lisa and Megan walk
out and Dave stays in the facility. The door of
the freezer opens again. The cop waiting for her
is Andrew. He asks her how she is, but then starts
asking her about a bottle of pills that have gone
missing from his stuff. She gets angry with him,
but before he leaves asks him to help her with
something. Megan goes back down at the resting
home and grabs Hannah's fingerprints. She gives
them to Andrew, says that there's something
odd about it and asks him to check it out.
Dave plays around in the facility while he waits,
but he hears something strange and walks into the
freezer room. Something is moving inside the
freezer, so he opens the door and looks inside,
when a hand gabs and then pushes him out. It
controls his body like it did the priest and
drags him back into the freezer. Megan comes back
in the facility and goes to the restroom. She
sends an apology text to Andrew and suddenly hears
someone come inside the restroom, thinking it's
Dave. Her rubber band ball is rolled to her and
she hunches over to see who it is, when a burned
hand grabs it from the floor. Megan is terrified,
but comes out of the stall. There's nothing there.
Later, Andrew calls her back and tells her
that Hannah has been dead for 3 months.
Megan searches for Hannah online and finds an
article about her, saying she was possessed by
a demon. She goes to investigate the body
again and notices that a huge wound that
was on it previously isn't there anymore. The
other security guard is looking for Dave too,
when she walks to the reception desk. She asks for
the security footage. Back at her office, she's
going through the footage and finds a glitch that
looks like the body is in the hallway. Frightened
by that, she wants to take some pills again, but
doesn't do it and instead goes to find Lisa and
get her opinion about the footage. They're both
in the facility, looking at the footage, but Lisa
doesn't see the same thing Megan does. However,
she does see the pills on a counter, while Megan
is telling her about what the man was saying about
the body in the burning room. Lisa confronts her
about the drugs and doesn't quite believe her when
she says she didn't take any. Her sponsor thinks
that the visions she's been having are caused by
stress. Lisa leaves the facility and goes to light
a cigarette in a stairwell. She hears some noise
upstairs and thinking it's Dave, runs up toward
them. As she reaches a corner and sees Dave in the
shadows, the body jumps out of the darkness and
starts chasing after her. Lisa goes to the roof,
but it follows her there and slowly kills her.
Back inside the facility, there's another intake.
It's Randy again, but this time Megan won't come
out to help him. She tells him about what has
happened and takes him inside to ask him about the
wound on the body. He says that he saw it too, as
well as her arm, that was burned when it arrived.
Megan tells him that it looks like the body is
healing herself. Megan is left alone again and
calls Andrew to tell him that she kept his pills,
because she was feeling anxious. She wanted to be
honest with him. Before she hangs up, the body is
seen crawling behind her, but she doesn't see it.
It is in the elevator, fixing itself. Randy
is driving out of the hospital parking,
when he suddenly hits something. He goes out to
check what it was, but his phone rings and as
he answers, he hears a strange noise behind him.
He investigates what it was and looks through the
back of the ambulance. The body is crawling
behind him. He turns around and it's there.
He runs, but it pins him between two ambulances
and is coming to get him too. It crawls up to him
and kills him. Simultaneously, Megan is checking
the footage from a few moments before and sees the
same glitch in the elevator first, then the body
crawling inside. She runs out thinking Randy's in
danger. Even though she's not supposed to, she
goes into the parking lot and finds him dead.
Andrew calls her, telling her that the man from
the burning room escaped. Suddenly, he appears
behind her and grabs her, taking her hostage. He
tells her to get the body out of the freezer. When
he opens the bag, the body has changed again. He
says that she heals herself by killing people.
The man asks why it hasn't killed her too. Megan
says that she believes him, so he starts telling
her about Hannah, that the demon inside of her
doesn't want to leave and that the blue eye is
its mark. He explains that he killed her during
the last exorcism to save the lives of others, but
when they went to bury the body it wasn't there
anymore. It killed 4 people in the funeral home.
They go to the burning room, as he tells Megan
that the only way to destroy the demon is to
burn the body. As she looks at the fire, the demon
incapacitates Hannah's father and goes after her
next, but the man attacks it and saves Megan, only
to end up burnt himself. She runs and the body
crawls after her. Meanwhile, Andrew arrives at the
hospital and finds her phone as well as Randy's
body. Megan keeps running away from the walking
body, but it just keeps catching up to her.
It crawls up to her, as Andrew enters the
facility. He looks for Megan inside, but the body
just drags her inside the freezer, where she sees
the rest of the bodies. Andrew runs into the other
security guard, who tells him that everything
is down in the hospital. They hear the noise
Megan makes in the freezer room and go toward
it, finding Megan on the floor. The guard sees
the body and runs away, but it eventually catches
up to him and kills him. The body heals its last
wound and goes after Andrew, when Megan suddenly
finds the courage to start shooting at it.
She keeps shooting and finally incapacitates
the demon, long enough to get her ex out of
the facility. She tells him to get help and
goes back to pick up the body and take it to
the burning room. It wakes up again and struggles
with her as it gets burned, but Megan eventually
manages to burn it. The police finds her sitting
on the floor, playing with the rubber band ball.
In the final image of the film, Megan is
looking at herself in the mirror. One of her
eyes is covered by her hair. A fly appears out
of nowhere and she squishes it on the mirror.